[Music]
now these are the people of the province
who came back from the captivity of
those who have been carried away from
Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had
carried away to Babylon and who returned
to Jerusalem and Judah everyone to his
own City those who came with suribabu
were Jeshua Nehemiah
Sariah really Mordecai Bilson Mizpah big
VI regal and bear the number of the man
of the people of Israel the people of
pay rush 2,170 to the people of chef
attire 370 to the people of era 775 the
people of pay half Moab of the people of
Joshua and juror two thousand eight
hundred and twelve the people of Elam
1254 the people of Zaku 945 the people
of Zakai 760 the people of vane I 642
the people of be by 623 the people of
asgard 1222 the people of Adonai CIM 666
the people of big VI 2056 the people of
Ayden's 450 for the people of eita of
Hezekiah 98
the people of psi 323 the people of
Jorah 112 the people of Haitian 223 the
people of Cuba 95 the people of
Bethlehem 123 the man of Nieto feh
56 the man of Anathoth 128 the people of
as Maeva 42 the people of Kiev Avram ki
Farah and PE Roth 743 the people of Rama
and giba 621 the man of Mick m'as 122
the man of Bethel and AI 223 the people
of Nebo 52
the people of mag bish 156 the people of
the other Elam 1254 the people of Haran
320 the people of LOD hated and oh no
the people of Jericho 345 the people of
sanaya 3630 the priests the sons of
Judea of the house of Joshua 973 the
sons of Emmer 1052 the sons of pascha
1247 the sons of Herod 1017 the Levites
the sons of Jesse ah and cadmium of the
sons of HO devaya 74 the singers the
sons of SF 128 the sons of the
gatekeepers the sons of shallow the sons
of ATAR the sons of Talman the sons of a
Kurd the sons of potato and the sons of
subir 139 in all the Nephilim the sons
of Zion the sons of a sufer the sons of
tabby the sons of Kiera's
the sons of saya the sons of Paden the
sons of Lebanon the sons of Hagah BER
the sons of echo the sons of Hagar the
sons of shale my the sons of Haman the
sons of gittel the sons of gay ha the
sons of reai a' the sons of reason the
sons of Nakota the sons of gasm the sons
of other the sons of pasilla the sons of
BC the sons of ESMA the sons of me unum
the sons of nephews him the sons of
back-back the sons of her Cuba the sons
of ha ha the sons of Basler the sons of
mijita
the sons of Hacha the sons of Bacchus
the sons of Sisera the sons of tamer the
sons of Mosiah
and the sons of a typhoon
the sons of Solomon servants the sons of
sutiya the sons of Sephora the sons of
Peru de the sons of jail the sons of
darken the sons of Giddha
the sons of Sheva time the sons of Hetal
the sons of Parker F of Z Bayon and the
sons of a my all the Nephilim and the
children of Solomon servants were 392
and these were the ones who came up from
till Mila tell Hacha
Kira Adam and Emma but they could not
identify their father's house or their
genealogy whether they were of Israel
the sons of delay are the sons of Tobiah
and the sons of Nakota 652 and of the
sons of the priests the sons of Hebei
the sons of cars and the sons of
Barzillai who took a wife of the
daughters of barzillai the gileadite and
was called by their name these sought
their listing among those who were
registered by genealogy but they were
not found therefore they were excluded
from the priesthood as defiled and the
governor said to them that they should
not eat of the most holy things till a
priest could consult with the Urim and
Thummim the whole assembly together was
forty two thousand three hundred and
sixty besides their male and female
servants of whom there were seven
thousand three hundred and thirty seven
and they had two hundred men and women
sings their horses were seven hundred
and thirty six their mules 245 their
camels 435
and their donkeys 6720 some of the heads
of the father's houses when they came to
the house of the Lord which is in
Jerusalem offered freely for the house
of God to erect it in its place
according to their ability they gave to
the Treasury for the work sixty one
thousand gold drachmas five thousand
miners' of silver and one hundred
priestly garments so the priests are the
Levites some of the people the singers
the gatekeepers and the Nephilim dwelt
in their cities and all Israel in their
cities
you